Feat/Add Service, Ingress, Gateway Resources (#413)
caas-team/GoKubeDownscaler: website/content/docs/3 - helm-chart/0 - Components.mdx

ValidatingAdmissionPolicy that blocks the removal of any `downscaler/` annotations from namespaces or workloads
if unauthorized users or service accounts tried removing them.
When deployed, the policy is bound to every namespace.

## IngressClass

> The [downscalergatewayclass.yaml](repo:deployments/chart/templates/downscaleringressclass.yaml) file creates a GatewayClass that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [downscaleringressclass.yaml](repo:deployments/chart/templates/downscaleringressclass.yaml) file creates a IngressClass that
```
